(Her space holiday's
"the new kid revival" playing)
I love sex with you.
Do you think it's gonna change
after we get married?
It doesn't have to.
When I was 7,
I loved banana pudding.
I did. I loved it.
I ate it every day.
And then one morning,
I woke up and I looked down
and I realized I hated it.
Is our sex life gonna be like
that banana pudding?
I think my banana pudding
has more staying power
than you are used to.
Come here.
Mm.
Come here. Thank you.
For what?
For finding me...
And for making me
feel so safe.
So let's start
the new kid revival
we'll make it up
as we go along
so where
are you headed today?
I have to go to the imperial.
I have, um, a meeting
with the caterers,
you know, final tweaks.
Are you sure your father's
gonna be okay
with us getting married
at his home?
No, daddy talks
a big game and--
well,
and he handles the money--
but when it comes to
ceremonies and holidays,
he doesn't really have a say.
That's mommy's department.
Oh. Oh.
It'll be fine.
Okay.
Trust me.
This wedding cannot take place.
It cannot.
Well, it's tomorrow.
People are flying in
from all over the world.
It's all my fault.
No, it was Karen's idea
to spy on Simon.
I let her do it.
I let her wander
into that den of inequity.
Look, what do you
want me to do?
We have to find
a way out of it.
Set up a meeting
with Simon elder.
All right.
And, Nick.
Yeah.
I find myself enthralled with
our young house guest Wrenn.
Yeah, you told me
the other night.
I wonder if you could arrange
a-a luncheon
for the three of us.
Okay.
And could you do
one other thing?
Yeah, what's that?
Could you please...
Not show up?
Uh, w--do you think
that's a good idea?
Why, is there something
I should know?
Tell me, please.
I'll set it up.
Good. Thank you.
Manhattan had renewable energy
400 years ago...
(Remote beeps)
And we're ready to do it again.
So you want me to build
my biodiesel plant
right here
in New York City?
For starters.
Well, it's a fine idea,
senator.
And your tax incentives
are competitive, Ms. lyons.
And there's no way
I'm signing with you.
May I ask why exactly?
Ask your father. He burned me
in business deals...
Oh, Mr. O'Connell--
twice, and he did it in a way
a man doesn't forget,
in a way that made me
want to come here
and say no
to you personally.
Give your dad my best.
I'll take care of this.
Mr. O'Connell.
(Elevator bell dings)
Mr. O'Connell. Mis--
hey.
(Lowered voice)
What? Not now.
(Normal voice)
Mr. O'Connell, please. Sir...
Not interested.
Sir, Tripp Darling
and Patrick Darling
have nothing to do
with one another.
I'm telling you,
please reconsider...
Why are you here?
It's my bro's office.
N'est pas?
He works for the people.
Me people.
Was that the Evan O'Connell?
He's taller in person.
I am not gonna let you
cost me another job.
Okay, this has gotta stop.
Or start again.
I'd rather eat glass.
Get a life.
I have a life.
Find a better way
to spend it.
(Door slams)
♪♪♪
Hey.
Hello.
How are you?
(Chuckles)
You look like
you're feeling better.
I think I'm fine,
but Tripp keeps saying
I can't leave
until I'm 100%, so...
(Laughs)
Nobody suspects
that we're meeting for coffee.
So don't worry.
Well, I'm not--
I'm not worried.
I just, uh--
listen, uh...
About the other night.
Yeah.
I don't normally kiss guys
I just met.
Well, I--
just so you know.
I hadn't drawn
any conclusions.
But it was nice.
You're very sweet.
He is sweet, isn't he?
Lisa.
Uh, you remember
Wrenn from...
Yes, from my battle royale
with Karen. How could I forget?
Sorry to break up
the sweetness.
You brought her here,
to our place?
You know what? Um,
I can go if you two--
no.
No.
No, stay, please.
It's a free country, obviously.
I e-mailed you
Kiki's midterm grades.
Her teachers says
she's a little distracted,
but I will let you two
get back to your conversation.
Lisa...
It's nice to know
mourning our marriage
hasn't gotten in the way
of your dating.
Lisa--
don't. Just don't.
(Sighs)
Oh, pardon me.
(Beep)
Jeremy, it's me.
I have a question,
and it's not a question
because you don't have a choice.
So listen up.
(Letitia) Wrenn is not
what she appears to be.
I-I c--I can feel it
in my bones.
Letitia--
don't you "Letitia" me.
Your father used to say it
just like that.
(Sighs)
I have a-a gold digger
sinking her claws
into my marriage.
I think that you are being
a little dramatic.
Dramatic?
I heard Tripp tell you
that girl has him thinking
he can do better than me.
I heard it.
Three friends of mine
have lost their husbands
to women like this
in the last six months.
I will not join the ranks
of the deserted.
I will not die alone.
Okay, what do you
want me to do?
I want you to, I don't...
Do some checking,
see if she has
a criminal record.
In all seriousness?
What?
You hit the woman
with a car.
(Scoffs)
Initiating a background check
on her on the heels of that
could start
to look like harassment.
There's nothing to be done.
Oh, well. Hmm.
Merci beaucoup.
(Sighs)
Oh, oh, and just, um,
so you know, Nick,
Jeremy apparently
has invited your wife
to Karen's wedding.
I advised him against it,
of course, for your sake.
Uh-huh.
But... (Sighs)
There was nothing to be done.
What's on your mind, boys?
I can't wait to find out.
It's blank.
Fill it in with whatever figure
you think is appropriate.
And walk away from Karen.
(Laughs)
Uh, no. I'm not interested.
Get off your high horse,
Mr. elder.
A man of your ilk
has a price for everything.
Uh, money...
Is not what I want.
We're listening.
I have what is most valuable
to you.
And you have what is
most valuable to me.
The company.
Your company
for your daughter.
You sell me all of your shares--
all of 'em--
voting rights,
at a fair market value,
and I'll call off the wedding.
Nick.
Okay, then. I'm sorry.
I thought you loved Karen.
I guess I was mistaken.
You obnoxious, little piddling
son of a bitch.
Hey, hey, no one
talks to me that way,
not in my house,
not anywhere.
Nick.
I know it hurts
to lose her, Nick.
But I tell you what,
I'll make sure she throws
the bouquet in your direction.
Okay?
(Chuckles)
♪♪♪
Lisa's just trying
to make you jealous.
You should take it
as a compliment.
Well, I feel like I'm
in junior high school again.
I remember a time
not so long ago,
my problems were more adult.
Well...
We're all
back in the eighth grade
when we're in love
with somebody.
(Laughs) Yeah.
That's for sure.
Ugh.
(Laughs)
What? What's so funny?
Speaking of
the eighth grade...
Tripp wanted me to...
Set up a lunch with you.
Just him and me?
Privately, yeah.
Why would he want
to have a private lunch?
Isn't it obvious?
Oh, my God. That's...
He's sweet,
but I just don't see him
like that.
(Mouths word)
It's a good day
all around, huh?
Okay. How about this?
Okay, what?
To solve everyone's problems,
why don't you bring me?
To the wedding?
Uh-huh.
I don't know.
What about Tripp?
I'll talk to him
at the wedding,
make my feelings clear.
Come on. You and me together,
you know we'll have fun.
Even the family lawyer
can't deny that.
All right.
You got me. Let's do it.
Okay.
(Siren wails)
I'll be blunt.
The news isn't good.
Your body isn't responding
as we'd hoped.
Why don't you just say
what you friggin' mean?
Brian.
The cancer has spread...
Considerably.
I'm sorry.
That can't be right,
because she's feeling better,
she has a lot of energy and...
So just run the labs again.
One of the risks of this drug is
that it can mask the symptoms.
Kind of a blessing
in a way.
Then put her
on something else.
No.
What do you mean, no?
Just put her on something else!
No, Brian.
I'm done.
Why don't you two
take your time
and talk it over?
(Door opens)
Andrea...
(Door closes)
You have to.
I don't
have to do anything.
All I wanted
was to live my life
as peacefully as possible
for the rest of my time...
However long I have.
And you talked me into this.
I did it. I'm glad.
And it's over.
What are we gonna tell
the shrimp?
I don't know.
(Patrick) I must say,
I'm a bit surprised.
You want a job...
In this office?
Certified.
Whatever happened to you
being a valet?
I got
the public service bug.
Your campaign was
a watershed moment for me.
You know, it made me realize
that I have one life,
and I gotta find
a better way to spend it.
You don't really want
a job here.
I do.
Dude, I crave employment.
No. You just want to be
closer to her.
Nola? (Chuckles)
Survey says...
(Imitates buzzer)
She is Miles behind me,
light-years.
You're sure about that?
Look... I just want
to do my part
to make New York
and America
a little bit cooler
for everyone.
I'd like to think
you really mean that.
Dude, I'm your man.
How is our patient,
wrenn, feeling?
She's coming along.
Well, that's good.
Did you make the arrangements
for our luncheon?
No, not yet.
Oh, get it done, will you?
I really need
that little diversion
to take my mind off this...
Damnable wedding.
Why don't we ask wrenn
to come to the wedding?
That--that would please me.
Well, she's already coming.
Really?
I'm bringing her
as my date.
As your date?
Yeah.
Oh, I-I didn't realize
the two of you had become
fast friends.
Well, it's basically just that
at this point--friends. I...
Which is why I didn't--
I didn't tell you earlier,
because--
well... I-I made it clear,
didn't I?
Oh, yeah... you did.
I-I just... you know,
I mean, you know...
Okay. No, fine. Good.
Tripp...
It's all right, Nick.
Actually, it's for the best.
There's my baby.
Just a silly daydream gone.
Hi, daddy.
Hello, sweetheart.
Nick.
Hey.
See you at the wedding?
Yeah.
Okay. Oh, and hey, don't worry.
I didn't put Lisa at your table.
I figured sitting next to
your wife and her date
could get kind of...
(Singsong voice) Awkward.
(Normal voice) So...
Well, that's very thoughtful
of you.
If you'll excuse me.
Daddy.
Sit down, sweetheart.
I just want to say thank you
for letting me
have the wedding here.
I mean, I know there's--
there's still a part of you
that doesn't trust Simon.
A part of me?
He makes me feel safe,
daddy.
Look, I don't expect you
to be completely happy
about this right now, okay?
Or, well, okay, ever.
But I love him, daddy.
And in the way that you've
always wanted for me,
he loves me, too.
He does.
He does?
Well...
I'll do my best, Darling.
Thank you, daddy.
(Cell phone rings)
(Ring)
(Beep)
Hello.
It's Tripp.
I want you to go see
Simon elder.
And do what?
Tell him he has a deal.
(Exhales deeply)
Nick.
Come on in.
What do you want?
You've got a deal.
Ah, and what deal
do I have exactly?
Tripp is prepared
to sell you
his controlling stake
in Darling enterprises
in exchange
for calling off the wedding.
Huh.
The old man
saw the wisdom.
I'm almost impressed.
All right.
I'll call it off.
Good.
As soon as Tripp transfers
his shares into my account.
Wait a second.
Clearly, a deal like this will
take days to complete, weeks.
The ceremony's in four hours.
Wow. Is it that soon?
I gotta start getting dressed.
Come on, Nick.
You didn't think
I was gonna leave Karen Darling
at the altar,
break her little heart in two
just because you walked in here
and shook my hand?
Listen, you work fast,
because until this deal
is done,
until Darling enterprises
is mine,
the wedding's on.
Are you lost?
Baby, I'm working.
Like you, I is now
on the federal dime.
Speak English.
I'm the senator's
new general-assignment
office assistant,
salary grade gs-1.
I took your advice.
Found a better way
to spend my life.
I won't do "Charlie rose" again.
Oh, no, no, no.
He dazzles you
with that Carolina charm.
The next thing you know,
you're talking about
how you used to walk around
in your mommy's high heels.
(Laughs)
Um, nola, any suggestions
for how to get O'Connell
back to the table
before we lose another
100,000 jobs to California?
Get a new father.
(Pencil sharpener whirring)
(Whirring stops)
I have--I have an idea.
No, you don't.
Patrick, a word.
Does the name Billy Carter
mean anything to you?
Roger Clinton?
Your brother
is a piece of baggage
you cannot take
on this trip to Washington.
He just needs
some direction in life.
Okay, the only direction
he needs is out the door.
Jeremy shows up
drunk and disorderly
in the tabloids every week.
His taste in women
runs the gamut
from eurotrash b-listers
to anorexic pop stars--
to you.
I was the exception
that proves the rule.
Listen, we need you
to be taken seriously,
and pork barreling
your brother
before you've even
taken the oath is just silly.
Nola,
it's only his first day.
Patrick, I'll make it
easy for you.
It's Jeremy or me.
Your choice.
(Sighs) A-all right,
all right.
I'll... I'll fire him.
Great.
Well, that's an interesting
wardrobe choice. (Chuckles)
Oh, yeah. I'm changing
at the imperial.
Unless you want me
like this.
Mnh-mnh.
Oh. (Chuckles)
(Computer chimes)
Uh, excuse me.
I've gotta get that.
Let me check it.
You're working
on our wedding day?
Romantic.
It'll just take a second.
(Beep)
Is everything okay?
Huh.
Is the world still safe
for billionaires?
Yeah.
No complaints.
Okay.
You... are beautiful.
Oh.
And I love you.
And I can't...
I can't wait
to be your husband.
Well, you don't have to wait
much longer.
I gotta head over.
Mnh-mnh.
I gotta go. (Chuckles)
Mm. Mm.
Mm. (Chuckles)
I'll see you
in a couple of hours.
You know you will.
The bank called.
The deal's done.
It'll hit the wires
any minute.
Good. Well, we better start
making calls.
People are waiting
to hear from us.
Right.
If my observation
of the man is correct,
Mr. elder will not have
the guts to tell Karen,
so I guess
it'll be down to me.
If it's all right with you,
I'll tell her.
Okay.
Thanks, Nick.
Oh, hey, Nick. (Chuckles)
It's not a good time.
I'm kinda gettin' married here.
(Laughs)
Um...
Karen, can we talk?
Yeah.
Alone.
Oh. Okay, girls.
(Whistles)
(Giggles) Hey.
Hey.
What's cookin'?
(Laughs) Sorry.
(Sighs)
I think you might want
to sit back down.
Okay, Nick, you know,
I've--I've played this scene
in my head a million times,
of you coming in here
and talking to me,
and you telling me that you're
gonna whisk me off to some--
I don't know--
this is not that scene.
I know.
I wish it were,
but it's not.
Okay, so what's the matter?
You're not getting married
to Simon today.
(Chuckles)
(Laughs)
That's...
Are... are you s-sure you're
not whisking me away here?
I'm not.
Because that would be...
Better.
I'm not.
What happened?
Simon offered
to call off the wedding
in exchange
for majority control
of Darling enterprises.
(Scoffs)
And your father
took him up on it.
Wow.
Yeah.
I'm sorry.
Don't be sorry.
What g-- (Laughs)
What girl
wouldn't be thrilled to know
she's worth 20--
$20 billion?
That's a lot--
more.
Yeah.
Nick.
You didn't have anything
to do with this, did you?
(Sighs)
Get out.
Karen--
get out!
(Woman) ♪ gypsy like me ♪
Pillowhead! My man.
(Laughs)
Jeremy Darling in a suit.
Oh, what's up?
(Chuckles)
What's up?
What the hell
are you doing here?
It's a little
on the early side.
Well, I'm kinda on a sched.
I gotta get to my big sister's
fifth wedding.
What do you need, tunes?
We need to talk,
my brother.
Well, all right.
What can I do for you?
Well, it's more what can we
do for each other?
(Blows air)
You shouldn't play
with fire.
Who the hell are you,
smokey the bear?
It makes the Polish softer.
Hey, I'm just kidding.
You can be smokey the bear
if you want.
Hey, what's the matter?
Is mommy going to die?
Why would you say that?
Because she's sick.
Who told you that?
I listened on the phone
when she was talking
to the doctor.
Well, that's what you get
for eavesdropping, rumsfeld--
inaccurate information.
But she is sick.
Yeah.
She's sick.
But she's not gonna die.
You're lying.
Hey, have I ever
lied to you?
Yes.
Listen to me.
Mommy is not gonna die.
You understand?
Everything's gonna be
just fine.
(Indistinct conversations)
Wow.
You look hot.
Jeremy, I am here
to make my husband jealous,
not to get you aroused.
Got it?
Got it.
Good. And thank you.
(Indistinct conversations)
Thanks again
for coming with me.
Happy to,
if for no other reason
than to witness
the removal of your brother
as hanger-on in chief.
Great shoes, by the way.
Piece of advice, senator.
When we get to D. C...
(Whispers)
Don't mention women's shoes.
How could you promise him
I was gonna be okay?
I just wanted him
to feel safe.
Great. Now when I die,
he'll feel even more unsafe
and know that his dad is a liar.
Look, you are not gonna die.
Yes, I am.
Grow up and accept it.
No.
You can't die.
I need you.
I love you.
Wow. You love me?
You'll do anything...
To win an argument.
(Indistinct conversations)
Good afternoon.
If you'll all excuse me,
I am sorry to be the bearer
of bad news,
but the schedule has changed,
and there will no longer be
a wedding today.
On behalf
of the bride and groom,
I apologize.
Uh, wait a second.
Yes, there is.
(Guests murmuring)
What are you doing?
Andrea...
Get up.
No.
Listen...
Ever since I met you...
I've felt drawn to you,
so much that it makes me
friggin' hate you sometimes...
Because I don't like
needing anybody.
But I do need you.
I do.
You're the mother
of my son...
And I want you
to be my wife.
(Murmuring continues)
So what do you say?
(Andrea) I do.
Then by the power vested in me
by the state of New York,
I now pronounce you
husband and wife.
(Orchestra playing
Mendelssohn's "wedding march
from
'a midsummer night's dream'")
(Cheering)
Whoo!
(Music continues)
(Cheering continues)
(Champagne cork pops)
Tripp Darling got emotional,
and emotion
is bad for business.
Huh?
(Speaks Russian)
We're in serious trouble,
Simon,
and getting worse
by the minute.
What are you talking about?
Here.
See for yourself.
(Tv clicks)
Its been a roller-coaster day
for Darling enterprises.
The blue chip surged
in early trading
on news of a takeover
by billionaire Simon elder...
Yeah, so?
Keep watching.
Then plummeted when dozens
of c. E. O. S announced
they were canceling their
contracts with the company.
One star research analyst
has already published
a note to investors
that she believes Simon elders
new company
may face a serious liquidity
crisis in the coming weeks...
What the hell happened?
He must have planned this
from the beginning.
You're a losing
$100 million an hour, sir.
...suddenly be forced to file
for bankruptcy protection?
Is D.E. Stock now worthless?
No word yet
from Simon elder...
Shut it off.
As to how these developments
are sitting
with the techno magnate.
Well be bringing you
up-to-the-minute updates...
Shut it off!
I'm trying, sir.
As the situation unfolds.
In other news, J--
(gasps and murmurs)
(Pants)
Nobody leaves this room
until we put this company
back together.
(Scoffs)
What are you doing here?
What, did--did you--
did you come to gloat?
I guess this was all a part of
daddy's plan all along, right?
(Laughs)
Well, congratulations.
You can take the girl
out of the Darlings,
but you can't take
the Darling out of the girl.
How dare you
accuse me of anything.
I gave myself to you
more fully and more freely
than I've ever
given to anyone.
And you traded me away for what,
for shares in a company?
Hey, look on
the bright side.
At least now
you're free for Nick.
Oh, Simon.
You don't get it,
do you?
(Voice breaks)
All I wanted was you.
(Playing instrumental jazz)
You're quiet.
Are you okay?
I'm happy.
It's unfamiliar.
Mm.
You're gonna have to
tell Brian the truth.
We're only married 18 minutes,
you're already nagging me?
(Chuckles)
I don't think
I can do it.
Which is exactly why
you have to.
I'm dying, Brian.
You have to learn
how to communicate with him,
even when it's hard,
especially when it's hard.
Whoo!
Let's just let him
enjoy today, okay?
(Music continues)
Jeremy, how's it going?
Hey, what can I do
for you, chief?
I am ready, willing
and able.
About that. Uh...
You okay?
(Laughs)
Jeremy, it's like this,
and I really hate to have to
do this here, but--
give that fella a medal.
Mr. O'Connell,
what are you doing here?
Well, I said no
to you in person.
Figured I oughta come back
to say yes.
Yes?
Senator, I've decided
to accept your offer,
and it was this young man
that got me to change my mind.
J-Jeremy?
Yeah. (Laughs)
Really?
This is my son--
D. J. Pillowhead.
What's up?
Mr. O'Connell.
What a surprise.
Ms. lyons.
Things have, uh,
been a little tough
for me and my boy
ever since, uh,
my marriage fell apart
with his mother.
Fact of the matter is,
we haven't talked to each other
for, uh, over a year.
I advised my buddy
D. J. Over here
to give his old man
a call... reconcile.
My son and I still have
some work to do,
but we're talking again.
And you've got yourself
a deal.
Well, wonderful.
Fantastic.
Our staff will work out
the details.
And thank you again,
young man.
He's a keeper.
A keeper.
(Music continues)
You look lovely.
Thank you.
You're here with Nick?
I am, yeah.
Well, I've... often said
on many occasions...
Nick... is a lucky man.
Actually, I think
I'm the lucky one.
Well...
Whatever comes of it,
I couldn't be more thrilled
for the two of you.
Truly.
(Music continues)
Well, I have to admit,
you throw a mean hail Mary.
I had to.
You were trying
to get me fired.
Get you fired, Jeremy?
You barely even
occur to me.
(Patrick) Hello, team.
Mind if I steal away
my chief of staff
for a little spin
on the dance floor?
She's all yours.
See you in the office,
first thing Monday.
We'll see about Tuesday.
Dig it.
So tell me,
what did Tripp have to say?
He couldn't have been nicer.
Why?
No reason.
What Nick sees in her,
I'll never know.
(Wrenn laughs)
I have something
to confess to you, my dear.
What's that?
Upon first meeting wrenn...
Getting to know her
a little,
I allowed myself to reflect,
for the first time, really,
in our 40 years,
on what my life might be like
with someone else.
She could be
your granddaughter.
(Laughs) I know. I know.
It's absurd.
I even went so far
as to ask Nick to arrange
a clandestine rendezvous,
a luncheon.
But it--that never
came to pass.
But seeing her here
this evening
put my escapade
into perspective.
And I felt that
you should know that
I discovered afresh...
That you are
the love of my life,
and you always will be.
Thank you. Thank you.
(Whispers) Thank you.
Mr. Darling.
Yes, Clark.
Simon elder's here.
He says it's urgent.
You screwed me, old man.
You sabotaged
Darling enterprises.
Not at all.
My friends, my colleagues,
are free to do business
or to not do business
with whomever they please.
But it is fascinating,
don't you find?
To see people operating
on the basis of something
other than the pursuit
of financial gain.
The company is ruined--
ruined.
Well, if you're
no longer interested
in controlling
Darling enterprises,
I will buy it back from you
at its current market value.
You think I'm gonna
let you walk away
with a 1-day,
$10-billion profit?
(Chuckles)
Okay, half the company...
At a 20% discount
to yesterday's close.
So that
that way it would only be...
$4 billion and change.
And what, you and I will...
(Chuckles) Will be partners?
(Laughs)
Mm-hmm.
Ironic, isn't it?
What do you say?
Deal?
(Instrumental jazz playing)
Wrenn,
you bony little tramp.
Excuse me?
How dare you show up
at my daughter's wedding
and throw yourself
at my husband,
a man old enough to be--
I'm here with Nick.
Do you honestly think
you're gonna steal my family...
No.
My fortune?
No, I have no intention--
you think I would
let that happen?
Okay, I-I didn't mean
to hurt anyone.
I know exactly
what you meant to do.
You planted yourself
in front of my car,
you insinuated yourself
into my household,
and you had every intention
of stealing my husband from me,
and with him, my future
and the future of my family.
(Mutters)
Get the hell
out of my house.
Now!
Hey.
Lost your date?
Lisa, let's--
let's not do this here.
(Chuckles)
I was... really asking.
Uh...
Hey.
Do you remember
the summer house?
What, the one that you
and your family
used to stay at when you
were growing up? Yeah.
(Chuckles)
I was just thinking
of this time in college
when me and my roommate
drove all night to go there,
and when we finally made it,
it had been sold
and torn down.
There was nothing left.
That's how I feel
about us right now.
You know...
We could drive all night
and try
and get back what we had,
but it's--it's gone.
It's just... gone.
When I saw you and wrenn
at the coffee shop,
I was so jealous.
(Sighs) So I
brought Jeremy tonight
to make you jealous.
But I don't
feel jealous anymore.
I just feel...
Sad.
Yeah.
It's fine.
If you'll excuse me.
(Sighs)
(Elevator bell dings)
Wrenn, wait a minute.
No. I-I have to go.
Why, what happened?
I-I don't know. I can't be here.
I can't be around these people.
Wait. Just tell me
what happened.
I honestly don't know.
One second, I'm talking
to Tripp about you.
Next thing I know,
Letitia is accusing me
of coming to the wedding
to steal her husband.
You know, I made it
very clear to Tripp
that it's you
I'm interested in.
I mean, you're asking me
what happened.
Why don't you tell me?
You know what?
This started
as an accident, and...
Maybe it's best if we
just leave it at that.
So... we're just done?
Just like that?
Listen, I would love
to get to know you better,
really.
But existing around this family
is... not easy.
Trust me. I-I know.
(Sighs)
Go.
And... don't look back.
Tripp.
We need to talk, now.
What the hell is going on?
Mr. elder has had
a nasty case
of buyer's remorse.
So we're going to bail him
out of his predicament.
Congratulations.
Did you enjoy owning
Darling enterprises
for five hours?
Oh, no, no. He's still going
to be a major shareholder.
I control 50% of the company,
to be exact.
What's going on, Tripp?
Well, Mr. elder and I
have become partners.
(Chuckles)
Which I-I guess also means
that in addition
to working for me,
you will also work for him.
Well...
Clearly this is
about me and wrenn.
That's utter nonsense.
It wasn't enough for you
to blow up my chance
at a relationship
with the woman?
You're gonna make me
pay for it again?
Nick, your accusation
is incomprehensible.
Fine.
I'll see both of you
on Monday morning.
(Door slams)
(Elevator bell dings)
(Doors open)
Karen, I am so sorry.
Go to hell.